---
title: School Leaders
permalink: /our-people/school-leaders/
description: ""
variant: markdown
---
<p style="line-height:1.3; font-size:16px; font-family:Arial; text-align:justify;"><b>Mr Hanafi B Asmore</b><br>
	<b>Principal</b><br>
Mr Hanafi Asmore started his teaching career at East View Primary School in 1994 where he was a teacher, Level Head/Maths and then HOD/Pupil Development before pursuing his master’s degree at the University of Sydney. Upon his return, he was posted to Guangyang Primary School as a Vice-Principal. Prior to heading PGPS in 2020, he was the Principal of Punggol Primary School. As an educator, he firmly believes that every child can learn and excel and has interests and talents. He also takes a broader definition of success. With this strong belief, he is committed to maximising the potential of each and every pupil.<br><br>
	<b>Mrs Christina Tan</b><br>
	<b>Vice-Principal (Administration)</b><br>
Mrs Christina Tan embarked on her Ministry of Education journey as an Admin Manager in 2000, dedicating 9 years to Marsiling Primary School and an additional 3 years at Ai Tong School. Driven by her passion for refining administrative processes, Mrs Tan began her two-year term in MOE-HR as an HR Partner. In this role, she played a pivotal part in supporting School Leaders by translating MOE-level HR plans and policies into actionable school-level plans and practices. Mrs Tan effectively communicated HR policies and processes to School Leaders, fostering awareness and garnering support. Her leadership journey continued as Vice-Principal (Administration) at Marymount Convent School from 2015 to 2018, followed by a tenure at St. Gabriel’s Primary School from 2019 to 2023. Mrs Tan is a firm believer in the transformative power of EdTech as an enabler to prepare students for the future. Committed to ensuring that the school's infrastructure, support systems, and processes are well-equipped to embrace the possibilities presented by EdTech, she remains dedicated to steering the institution towards a future-ready educational environment.<br><br>
			<b>Mrs Teo-Tay Chai Hong</b><br>
	<b>Vice-Principal (Academic)</b><br>
	Mrs Teo-Tay Chai Hong started her teaching career at St. Joseph’s Convent in 1999 as an educator who specialised in teaching Physical Education and Mathematics. She joined Canberra Secondary School in 2001 as one of the pioneer batches of educators of the school and held key personnel positions as Sports Secretary and Head of Department Normal Technical before being appointed as the school’s Vice-Principal in 2011. She also served as Deputy Director (Sports Education), at the Physical, Sports and Outdoor Education Branch in MOE-HQ under the Student Development Curriculum Division from 2016 to 2018 and moved on as Vice-Principal of Hai Sing Catholic School before joining Punggol Green Primary School in December 2021. Being an educator was Mrs Teo’s childhood aspiration. As an educator, she strongly believes that every child can learn and be nurtured. As a school leader, she is committed and happy to be that “rainbow” connecting people (students, staff, parents and community partners), in a meaningful and purposeful way, to deliver the best for the students and bring out the best in every child.<br><br>
		<b>Mr Jasbir Singh</b><br>
	<b>Vice-Principal (Academic)</b><br>
	Mr Jasbir Singh began his teaching journey at Yio Chu Kang Primary School in 1993. Over the years, he has held various leadership roles, including Head of Department for Science and Information and Communication Technology (ICT), where he worked closely with colleagues to enhance curriculum delivery and promote the integration of technology into teaching practices. To deepen his expertise, he pursued a master’s degree in science education at Nanyang Technological University. Mr Singh’s leadership journey has spanned schools with diverse student profiles, including Anderson Primary School, Teck Ghee Primary School, and most recently, North Spring Primary School. In each school, he has worked closely with the key personnel and teachers in spearheading initiatives to improve student outcomes and elevate overall school performance.  A passionate advocate for holistic education, Mr Singh is dedicated to fostering an inclusive and nurturing learning environment where every child has the opportunity to thrive. He believes this vision is realised through the commitment of educators and the cultivation of strong, collaborative partnerships with parents. His leadership philosophy is rooted in building trust, aligning shared goals, and nurturing a supportive school community that empowers students to excel academically, socially, and emotionally.</p>