---
title: SEN Department
permalink: /our-curriculum/sen-department/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Vision</strong></p><p>To produce eloquent and confident students with a strong appreciation of the English Language</p><p><strong>Overview of SEN@PGPS</strong></p><p>At PGPS, we remain committed to providing ongoing support for students facing learning or behavioral challenges, assisting them in excelling not only in their academic pursuits but also in co-curricular activities and character development.</p><p><strong>What are Special Educational Needs (SEN)?</strong></p><p>A student with special educational needs may encounter challenges in learning and/or behavior that surpass those typically faced by children of the same age. These challenges can manifest in various aspects, including difficulties in social interactions, language acquisition, academic performance, or physical abilities.</p><p>The student might face challenges in various areas, including:</p><p>•	Completing school assignments</p><p>•	Reading and writing</p><p>•	Communicating with peers and others</p><p>•	Establishing and maintaining friendships</p><p>•	Exhibiting appropriate behavior in social settings</p><p>•	Engaging in learning at school due to limitations in sight, hearing, or physical mobility</p><p>Every student is unique. Even if two students share the same diagnosis, their learning and support needs can vary significantly, and they may progress at different rates.</p><p><strong>What do we do? </strong></p><p>At PGPS, we have specialized personnel and programmes catering to different levels and learning needs:</p><p>•	<strong>Learning and behaviour support </strong>provided by Special Educational Needs Officer (SEN-O).</p><p>•	<strong>School-based dyslexia remediation programme</strong> (SDR) for students with dyslexia in Primary 3 and Primary 4. </p><p>To find out more about Special Educational Needs and how parents could support their children with SEN together with schools, please visit: <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/special-educational-needs/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.moe.gov.sg/special-educational-needs/</a> </p><p></p>